feat: add the instruction for new version upgrade dse-0.6.3 for the self-hosted connector (#25)
AmadeusITGroup/EonaX-Shared-Resources: docs/user-manual/self_hosted_connector/upgrade-dse-0.6.3.md

                'id', CASE 
                    WHEN key = 'MembershipCredential' THEN 'membership-credential-def-1'
                    WHEN key = 'DomainCredential' THEN 'domain-credential-def-1'
                    ELSE key
                END,
                'credentialType', key,
                'format', value
            )
        )
        FROM json_each_text(types_and_formats)
    )
    WHERE types_and_formats IS NOT NULL 
    AND types_and_formats::text != '{}'
    AND json_typeof(types_and_formats) = 'object';
    -- 3. Set empty array for NULL values before adding NOT NULL constraint
    UPDATE edc_holder_credentialrequest 
    SET ids_and_formats = '[]'::json 
    WHERE ids_and_formats IS NULL;
    -- migrate edc-holder-credentialrequest table ----
    -- 1. Add NOT NULL constraint
    ALTER TABLE edc_holder_credentialrequest 
    ALTER COLUMN ids_and_formats SET NOT NULL;
    -- 2. Drop the old types_and_formats column (only after you test the platform)
    ALTER TABLE edc_holder_credentialrequest 
    DROP COLUMN types_and_formats;
    ALTER TABLE edc_data_plane 
    ADD COLUMN resource_definitions json DEFAULT '[]'::json;
    COMMIT;
    ```

> 3. Update your connector deployment to use the new dse-0.6.3 image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update your connector to use DSE v0.6.3 images. 
```

## Overview: 

> The new version of dse-0.6.3 includes the newer version of EDC V 0.14. This new version of EDC has included some breaking changes and DB schema changes. This document will guide you through the steps to upgrade your existing dse-0.5.18 to dse-0.6.3 and above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version of DSE **0.6.3** includes the newer version of EDC v0.14: this includes some breaking changes, including DB schema. This document will guide you through the steps to upgrade a self-hosted connector from the previous version 0.5.x to 0.6.3. 
```

## Upgrade Steps:
1. Backup your existing PostgreSQL database. This is crucial to prevent data loss during the upgrade process.

> 2. Run the migration scripts provided in the dse-0.6.3 release. These scripts will update your database schema to be compatible with the new version of EDC.

Reviewer: We have not pushed that folder in the open source repo. I do not understand if the script is only the one below or if there are more in the folder we have in the internal repo.

Author: I removed the link to the repo
